Note about Rector commands (#1098)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/updating/upgrading_to_v3.md

To simplify the process of adapting your code to Symfony 5, you can use [Rector, a reconstructor tool](https://github.com/rectorphp/rector)
that will automatically refactor your Symfony and PHPunit code.

!!! tip

>     To properly refactor your code you might need to run Rector `process` command respectively for each Symfony version from 4.0 to 5.0 as follows:
>     `vendor/bin/rector process src --set symfony40`
>     All the available sets can be found [here](https://github.com/rectorphp/rector/tree/master/config/set/symfony). Keep in mind that after finishing automatic refactoring there might be some code chunks needed to be fixed manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To properly refactor your code you might need to run the Rector `process` command for each Symfony version from 4.0 to 5.0 in turn:
    
    `vendor/bin/rector process src --set symfony40`
    
    You can find all available sets in [the Rector repository](https://github.com/rectorphp/rector/tree/master/config/set/symfony). Keep in mind that after finishing automatic refactoring there might be some code chunks that you need to fix manually.
```
